Adding clarification to user type conversion (#7671)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/edit-guests-information.md

You can edit guest information from the Microsoft 365 admin center or the Azure Active Directory portal.

> [!NOTE]

> > In tenant user type conversation of existing guest users is currently not supported in Teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Editing of in-tenant user-type conversations of existing guest users is currently not supported in Teams.
```
